All right.
So here we are with deposit profit.
What's happening here is we're taking in three separate parameters one a deposit amount a rate of return
and then a threshold to find out what year we.
We accomplished that.
So in our example here we start with $100 at the end of year 1 we made a 20 percent rate on it at the
end of year two we made another 20 percent or up to 144.
And then at the end of year three we're now up to one seventy two point eight which would be our return
it would take three years for us with a 20 percent return to get there.
And so that's what we're trying to solve here.
I don't really have any hints for you this is just one of those basic math type algorithms.
Let's go into it.
All right slewing I did this was I just start off by creating a variable called year and we're going
to use a while loop because we don't know how many iterations each take.
And that's really what we're trying to get the answer to is what is our year that we break out.
And so we want to return year here.
So going have a wall loop while loops we don't know what you're going to.
How many times are going to do it typically end to be a while loop or some form of recursion.
And so there is a threshold is greater than the deposit.
So while that is true meaning that our of actually create new very rough edges and Javascript like when
you reassign promoters will just create a value on those accounts.
Count status account which is called account and also equal to deposit.
And then all that is true here you go ahead and modify deposit.
And so the account or our deposit is going to be plus equals to the account value that it currently
is times the rate of return divided by 100 right because we don't multiply by twenty one and multiply
it by point to zero.
We're going to add that to our account.
After that we're going to take a year and we just had one to it and that's it really at the end of the
day just testing if you can put together some math where you create a of a variable here for the year
we then increment our account value and then add the add to it the additional the interest the rate
of return.
We add a year and when this is now greater than this we go ahead and break out of it.
In reality it should probably be greater than or no greater the greater is fine.
Should we agree and then you go I have to go back and look at the tests but I think you get the idea.